The average new YouTube channel takes
over 18 months to reach its first 1,000
subscribers. But my video editor, Greg,
went from zero to 10,000 subscribers and
over $20,000 in sales in just over 4
weeks. So, in this video, I'm going to
show you how he did it and invite him on
the channel to fill in some of the gaps,
too. Together, we're going to break down
how to launch a business's channel from
scratch. I'm going to show you some of
the tricks he used to earn more faster.
And at the end, I'm going to walk him
through his options of how he could get
to $50,000 a month over the next 18
months if he so pleases. All right,
Greg. So, let's just start by showing
these lovely people how you blew up so
fast. And to do that, we got to show him
how YouTube promotes brand new channels
because most new people completely mess
this up and you played the algorithm to
your own advantage. And it all starts
with something we call micro testing.
What you want to understand is when
you're a new channel, it works the same
as when you're an experienced channel in
that you put a video out and YouTube's
going to test it to people and then it
wants to see how highly it scores in
terms of viewer satisfaction. So all of
these things you can see on screen,
watch time, clickthrough rate, test
time, all these things, they build up
your video's score and if it scores
highly, it will then push it to more
people. So you can see on this little
graphic here, right? There's three
audiences. Two of them it scores
rubbish. one audience it takes and it
scores a 58 out of 100, which is a
metric I've made up. So, it pushes it to
more people like them. But then what it
does is it starts to look at what are
the channels those people are now
watching to find patterns to try and
understand, you know, where else could
this video go. So, let's say for
example, you make a video that's on
productivity for some reason. It gets
tested with one audience. It takes
YouTube then sees they're watching Ali
Abdal Justin Sun Ran Doris productivity
and it sees they're watching in USA and
Canada and the UK and they like videos
over 20 minutes long. It's starting to
build a understanding of when you
release your next video who it could
test it with first. So basically what
happens is you upload a new video,
YouTube checks who has historically
engaged with your past videos. It will
then show your new video to people in
that first wave of impressions and their
satisfaction decides whether or not
YouTube expands the testing. Does that
make sense?
>> Yeah, it does. Yeah.
>> All right. So, the reason why new
channels don't get any new views,
whereas you did isn't because they're
being punished, it's just doesn't have
any idea where to even push your videos.
And the problem that most people come up
against is they listen to the really
awful advice of just hit record, throw
up content, talk about whatever you
like, just get making videos. But as a
result, that really confuses YouTube and
your potential viewers. So for example,
if you made a video on investing, so at
the top here, and let's say it did take
with a particular type of audience. So
you get 600 views. They then look, what
else is that viewer watching? Oh,
they're watching Mark Tilbury and
they're over the age of 40 and they're
like investing. Then your next video
goes out and it's morning routine with a
typo,
right? And that takes with an audience
type and they're like 30 and there isn't
productivity. And then your next one
takes with a how to grow a channel
audience cuz you make a video about how
I grew my channel to 500 subs. You end
up with all these mixed audiences. So
the reality is if you released an
investing video and you release the next
one on morning routine, YouTube's first
initial tests are going to be like those
people don't care and the channel's
going to die. So, this is the mistake
you see all of the time in new channels
where they're like, "Oh, I'm not getting
pushed." Whereas you, your channel was
so simple. You picked one topic editing
in Da Vinci Resolve and you made every
video about it and you posted four
videos on your channel straight away.
So, we can see your first video. What
happened in the first week?
>> Not much really. It probably wasn't
until I put in my my next video about 2
or 3 weeks after these initial four
videos, that's when it started really
kicking off. And that's because that
next video when you posted it, because
YouTube had started to establish, you
know, who your audience was, when you
put that video out, it had an initial
test audience and the viewer
satisfaction score with that test
audience meant that it rapidly blew up.
And we'll come back to that video in a
second cuz it got 100,000 views in 7
days, isn't it?
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, the thing about this is
nothing that I've just showed you works
unless you score a high satisfaction. So
the question is, Greg, how did you score
so high and blow up? So what we're going
to do is I'm going to break down the
foundational reason that your channel
grew so quick. And it wasn't the topics,
it wasn't the titles, it wasn't the
thumbnails, it was your backstory. So
let me explain how this works. There's
three things you need to do to grow a
YouTube channel to get traction. And you
nailed all three of them perfectly. The
first one is by showing off credibility.
So I'm going to play a quick clip of how
Greg instantly raises credibility and
then I'll break down what he did. The
biggest problem video editors have is
speed. Editing just takes ages. And
after 10 years of being a professional
video editor for YouTubers and
businesses, I've picked up lots of
different ways to speed up my editing.
But none of them compare to the number
one editing secret that professional
video editors barely ever talk about.
So, in this video, I'm going to reveal
what this secret is, how I use it to
speed up my editing, and why you should
use it, too, if you want to spend less
time on the technical side of things,
and more time focusing on your edit. And
keep watching to the end to find out how
I took this even further, which has
allowed me to edit videos that used to
take me a whole day now in just under 2
hours. All right, so the first thing
Greg does to make himself incredibly
credible was share his backstory of how
he's a pro editor. He said he's been
editing for years and then he shows his
own skill with his own editing ability
and then he just doesn't overexlain
anything and that is the sign of an
expert. When people overexlain it's
usually because they don't truly
understand it for themselves so they
waffle and then that as a result hurts
their own credibility. The next thing is
differentiation. So using Greg's
backstory Greg let's just break down
your backstory. So when I met Greg was
that how long ago was this about 10 12
years ago?
>> 2018
I think. So, I had a production company
at the time and Greg applied to work for
us, but we had this problem where we
this awful business model where we were
about cheap video and volume. And what
that meant was we would sell like 20
videos and get them all filmed in a day,
then we turn them around fast. And that
meant Greg had to work out how to edit
as fast as he could so that our business
actually worked.
So, the problem was when you came in,
Greg, how long do you think it took you
to edit your first video?
>> Probably 2 days or something.
Yeah. And how long do you think it would
take you to edit that same video now?
>> For about 2 hours.
>> Yeah. And that is the action, right,
that Greg then figured out. So Greg got
very good at building systems through
repetition and practice that knocked
days off of his edit. And the outcome
was this grew our business. He's now
helped me on this channel, which is also
growing my business. But he's also now
helping other people edit faster, too.
So Greg's backstory, the thing that
differentiates him is that he's very
good at editing fast and building
workflows and systems that speed up
editing, which makes him unique. Nobody
else has that story. So when you bring
that into your own content, you
instantly stand out. And you can have
unique intros, you can have unique
ideas, you can have unique solutions
that the other Da Vinci Resolve channels
are probably not going to talk about.
And then we move on to the third part of
this, and nothing works without this,
and Greg flipping nailed it. It's called
communication. So, communication is
basically the art of mastering how to
get your point across and it's all the
YouTube stuff. So, it's positioning,
titles, thumbnails, hooks, intros,
storytelling, frameworks, brevity,
presenting, editing. If you're not good
at that and communicating your backstory
and your ideas and how to solve
problems, this doesn't work. So, Greg,
what three things do you think you did
to get good at YouTube so fast? Well,
number one would be obviously watching
and editing your videos and just
learning all that side of things. I
think obviously being an editor, so I
know how to make a video kind of look
good and flow and everything. The fact
that I'm making videos on things that
other people aren't. So like these
workflows and these systems that I've
built up over the years, obviously no
one else is talking about those because
they haven't got those same systems. And
I've obviously proven how they work and
I've also given them out for free some
of these systems. And I'm getting
feedback already from people saying,
"Wow, this is, you know, changed my
editing completely and just sped up
everything for me." And it's as simple
as that. YouTube has rewarded you
because it's high quality content.
>> Yeah.
>> Let's bring on to the elephant in the
room. So, people are probably going to
notice there's a video about me on there
and they're going to go, "Oh, you only
got traction cuz you edit Eddie's got
half a million subscribers." Not on this
channel. The rest are on my other
channel. But one thing I want to say is
pretty much everyone has the ability to
do that. It's called social hacking. So,
one of the things when you're a small
channel that you should often be
thinking about is how can I harness
someone else's personal brand or their
following to make content about them
that then brings those people to my
channel so that YouTube can then start
to understand the kind of people my
channel's for. So, all Greg did really
was just say how he edited for me. His
next video got 120,000 views, which also
proves it has nothing to do with my face
because 120,000 views in 9 days is an
absolutely an insane amount of views to
get. So, Greg, how did you come up with
the idea for that video?
>> Uh, through you. You told me to do it. I
was going to do a completely different
video to do with how to put text on
screen. And you like, don't do that.
Make something about AI. Put best and
new AI updates in the title and do that.
And that's what exactly what I did and
it worked. I forgot about that.
The reason that works is new is a power
word. Best and AI. These are three words
that are consistently doing well on
YouTube. All right. So, Greg, that's the
foundations of how you got off to a
first start. you made the same content
so you didn't confuse YouTube and that
you kept bringing people back and then
you harnessed your backstory and
credibility and then you gave a ton of
free value. How did we turn this into
Was it $12,000 in 3 weeks?
>> Yeah. So, it's now 4 weeks. Is it four
weeks? It's now 4 weeks and it's now
£16,000.
>> £60,000. That's nearly £20,000.
>> Wow. In a month.
>> Honestly, not in my wildest dreams would
I have thought this would have happened.
>> All right, so let's look at how you did
it. Well, firstly, he took his backstory
and he turned it into a business. So,
let's go back to his backstory. His
problem was he had to edit faster to
save our business. He then built systems
to edit in 2 hours, not 2 days. And as
now, comic grew my business, made him a
better editor, and now he helps other
people do the same thing. So, what Greg
now does is he sells part of the
solution that he developed over the
years to solve the problem. And everyone
has the same problem with editing. It
takes too long. So, let's have a look at
Greg's presets. what Greg has done here.
Actually, Greg, why don't you explain
how did you build these presets?
>> When I started using Da Vinci Resolve,
there wasn't really many presets out
there cuz it was, you know, people were
only kind of starting to move over to
the program. So, there was just tons of
stuff that I wish I could do that I just
couldn't and it would just take ages.
So, even just a simple just animation of
bringing something into screen and out
of screen again would just take ages of
moving key frames and all that kind of
stuff. So, I just built all these
time-saving things that just sped up my
editing like crazy. You just turned your
entire backtory into a business. It can
actually be that simple. So the other
thing I will point out is you made the
product very good. How long did it take
you to make that product, Greg?
>> About 2 years.
>> Yeah. Okay. So it took you far too long.
But there is one thing you've done very
well here which most people in the
online space don't do is you actually
tried to make something as good as you
possibly could and you put a lot of care
and attention into it. Then I would say
the next thing that really set you apart
was you gave it to some people, they
used it for free and then they gave you
testimonials which you could then put on
your site and in your marketing. The
other thing I love that you did, right,
is 8,000 subs now after a month.
>> Um, your first video is an advert. Now,
most people would never do this on
YouTube, but it's a 2 minute 46 promo
for your offer. And this was smart
because firstly, YouTube pushed it for
some reason. They just thought this was
actually the video that kicked off your
entire channel. But secondly, every
video you make now funnels back to
either your sales page or this video.
All of the hundreds of thousands of
views you got very quick have sent
someone to something that promotes your
offer. Most people are terrified of
doing that. Was there anything else that
you did in your content which you think
helped generate more sales?
>> In most my videos, I mention the
presets. I kind of weave the presets
into the video. The less you spend
searching for things, the more time you
can spend on making a better edit. So,
what kind of effects or titles do I use
this for? Well, I've built a pack of
presets that speed up mine and other
editors workflows massively. And now I
can bring any of these presets to my
timeline within a second. Another thing
I've done as well is luckily I've had
people commenting under my videos saying
that they brought my pack and they love
it and they think it's amazing. So, I've
actually pinned their comments to the
top of my comments so people can see
that and see it. Okay, someone's
actually genuinely likes it and has
actually brought it. And I think that's
also encouraged people to buy as well.
>> That's genius. I need to do that. That's
really smart. Yeah, it's it's it's
social proof. So again, like when we
talked about credibility in the three
things that make a channel stick out.
It's the same with products.
Credibility, differentiating,
communication. You've nailed all three
in your offer there, too. Now, let's
look at your future, Greg. All right.
This is the scary bit. So to start off
with, let's look at what you've done
well. So firstly, you made the products.
You didn't rush. So so many people are
like, "Oh, I need to make as much fun
money as fast as I can online." And that
just doesn't work ever. Like if you're
in a rush, you make short-term decisions
and it doesn't work. You asked for help,
which was lot. We had plenty of
conversations just talking about what to
do with the business and so on. And
yeah, you focused on quality. So these
are the really good things. And I think
you want to continue doing those things
forever. But then the next thing we want
to look at is like what's your life goal
and then how do we build a business
around it? And there's kind of three
types of businesses that we can build.
So I'm going to give you all three and
then you can say I like the sound of
whichever one. We'll maybe go a bit
deeper on that. Okay. Sound good?
>> Yep.
>> All right. So there's three kind of
options. Option one is the lifestyle. So
I'm going to say this is 50 to 75%
passive. What that means is at 25% of
your time might be spent doing stuff
that removes some freedom from your
life. So there's no such thing as a
truly passive business. It doesn't
really work because you got to do
something, right? So this option is
going to enable you to earn well. And
it's going to give you time freedom.
It's going to give you location freedom.
It's going to give you creative freedom.
And I don't see why it wouldn't be
possible to hit $50,000 a month with
this method over the next 18 months. So,
the way you can do it is with different
products. So, you could create more
plugins. And what's cool is how many
have you sold now?
>> Uh, it's about 270
odd.
>> Perfect. So, you got 270 hot buyers who
will be waiting for your next thing. So,
long as they liked what you bought.
What's your email at?
>> Uh, it's about I think it's 1,100
roughly.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Okay. So, your emails hot buyers, right?
So, your business is these are the
important numbers for when you want to
launch something else and make income
very quick. And then your channel is
growing like crazy too. So you could
build something else and add it on. You
could build an on demand course where
you would help people go from where they
are to some sort of specific result. You
could then use affiliate for other
software. You could do sponsorship. You
could do onetoone. So onetoone might be
just saying like I'm going to open up 2
hours a week in my diary. If you want to
book in a paid consulting call with any
of your editing problems, I'll show you
how to fix them. And yeah, I think 25 to
50k a month doing that without it
becoming like a lifestyle creep business
would be doable for sure. The next
option is scaling. So this is not
passive. This is what I did, Greg. So
you earn very well. You will lose a lot
of time freedom. You will lose location
freedom because you'll probably have to
do calls at certain hours. So you can't
be in Asia because most of your clients
going to be in America, so it won't
work. You'll lose a bit of creative
freedom, but you you'll earn a huge
amount of cash. And the way that you can
do this is with cohorts. So a cohort
would be you might say, "Right, I'm
going to take on 20 people for eight
weeks." And we're going to take you from
spending two days on a video to editing
the same thing in 2 hours cuz each week
I'm going to teach you a system to do
that. So four times a year, you could
launch this thing and make a lot of
money very fast. But it would require to
be quite hands-on with people. The other
option is an agency. I know you've
already had people saying, "Can I pay
you to edit for me?" This would be you
don't do any of that. You just build a
team who edits for you. very time
intensive but again financially can be
massive. And then you would could also
do like high ticket consulting. So for
example, this is kind of niche but
imagine a YouTuber's like we're not
working fast enough. I want you to come
in and teach my team how to edit faster,
you know, or hire you for a week to come
out to America to spend the time with
the team doing it to build systems,
right? So they're kind of like more
businessy things. Option three is just
to be a YouTuber. This is the most
passive, right? So you do increase your
product suite. You just keep doing
plugins. You do sponsorships. If you do
affiliate, you do ad revenue. You could
probably get into a position where you
do 25k a month with that, no problem.
But you'd be very tied to the algorithm,
which can get a little bit stressful.
Fininszar kind of does that. Actually,
Finszar's got his very on demand stuff,
does a sponsorship, does affiliate, does
ad revenue, and he makes like one video
a month. I don't know what the heck he
does with the rest of his time,
but he seems to still guy. So, out of
those three options, what sounds the
most appealing to you?
>> I'd probably say the lifestyle one, I
reckon. Um although maybe the scale one
initially maybe a couple of years I
quite like the thought of like making a
course but also not just giving them the
course and letting them go but actually
working with them like the cohort kind
of thing.
>> Yeah
>> could do something like that and then
once I've kind of got all the feedback
from everyone and I kind of know what
you know what people want and what their
pain points are. I could then go more
towards the lifestyle choice of making
like a set course that I know is gonna
work with people and then go through
that one. Maybe I probably wouldn't do
sponsorships on my video. I've already
had loads of people offering
sponsorships, but why would I advertise
someone's chair when I want to advertise
my presets? You know,
exactly what you say as well. That's a
great answer. That's that's that's
exactly how I would do it, I reckon. But
I think um my suggestion to you would be
first we want to stabilize your income.
So we've only had one month and we've
hit $20,000
in month one, right? So like it's
probably not going to do that every
month. We don't know what's going to
happen yet, but I would expect it to be
a bit bumpy. So I reckon your first
thing you should stabilize the income.
So you basically have three months in a
row where you're like this is a really
healthy income. It looks like I'm going
to maintain this. Keep building your
email list. Then at some point you're
gonna have to fire me as your only
client because it just won't make any
sense to keep working for me because it
will just hold you back. Then what I
reckon I'd do if I was you is have a
onetoone calendar open. Don't give away
too much of your time. Maybe like 2
hours a week. Charge like $300 an hour.
Charge a lot because you don't
necessarily want to be doing loads of
these. But what we want to see is what
kind of problems come to you and also
the kind of people that want to spend.
And I think that will help you determine
what your next move is too in terms of a
cohort. Because if you work with a few
people and you're like everyone's got
the same problem, we know what problem
to solve in your high ticket offer. And
next thing I think you should do is
think like like what can you do to
protect against AI? We don't know what's
going to happen with AI, right? And I
don't think editors are going to get
replaced, but the high ticket thing is
going to help you move away from stuff
that just AI can do. So by that I mean
like a cohort. And really just find
something that you can charge more for,
but don't rush. So you've already gone a
year in a month.
So, we need to rush any of this, right?
But I think the name of the game should
be let's see out the next few months.
You could start planning something for
the new year now if you wanted cuz
January is always a good time to sell or
you just say like I I'll plan that in
Jan and uh not really think about it too
much more. But I think my main wish for
you is longevity. So just making sure
that you can work at a pace that doesn't
kill you. And I think doing the thing
that you think you can do for 10 years
because I I know if you do this for 10
years, in 10 years time you probably
won't have to work again. So it's like
what can I do for 10 years so that we
don't want you to stop up to three. We
need you to get to that point because
the lifestyle it will build you will be
insane. What do you think Greg?
>> That would be incredible. I mean it's
crazy to me just all of this. I never
kind of thought I'd be in that position
where I could be making that kind of
money.
>> Well done Greg. Thank you. I could
couldn't have done this without you.
Honestly, you want to say like and
subscribe to my channel, Greg. Where can
we find you, Greg?
>> You can find me at Greg Edits video.
>> Nice one. And then buy Greg's presets,
otherwise I won't make videos anymore.
Or you can watch this video next where
I'm going to break down another
business's channel and show them how to
fix all of the mistakes they're making
with their script that you probably are